feat(cmd): pipe buffer to &shell with :! (#23720)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  In addition, |nvim_buf_get_extmarks()| has gained an "overlap" option to
  return such ranges even if they started before the specified position.

> • |:range!| now pipe by default to |'shell'| on startup if a {filter} external

Reviewer: Mentioning "on startup" in all of these docs is somewhat confusing and definitely unnecessary since it's an implementation detail. It's merely "the default".

```suggestion
• |:range!| pipes by default to |'shell'| if a {filter} external
```

>   program is not given. But if given, the latter is remembered.

Reviewer: This is confusing to mention in the news since it's not net. Users can find the details by visiting the docs.

```suggestion
  program is not given.
```
